Minor language update to reduce confusion (#30257)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/aurora.md

### Autodiscovery setup (recommended)

The Datadog Agent supports Autodiscovery for all Aurora endpoints within a cluster.

If you require different configurations for specific instances, or prefer to manually specify Aurora endpoints, follow the manual setup section below.

> Otherwise, we recommend using the [Autodiscovery setup instructions for Aurora DB clusters][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, Datadog recommends using the [Autodiscovery setup instructions for Aurora DB clusters][9].
```
